Syncing POJOs between clients/browsers, and your node.js server, with socket.io

##What it does

This library allows you to keep data objects up to date between multiple
clients and a server. 

## How it works

Once you have shared an object with
`Client.put(object)`, it (and any other objects it refers to) is assigned an ID, flattened for transport, and pushed to the server. Shared objects are then broadcast to all connected clients.

##Usage


###Server

Example use with express.js. (For alternate socket.io setups, see
[socket.io's How To](http://socket.io/#how-to-use) . )

       var pojosync = require('pojosync')
         , app = express()
         , server = require('http').createServer(app)
         , io = require('socket.io').listen(server, {log:false})
         , Dataserver = new pojosync.Server(io);


###Client

(Use [browserify](http://browserify.org/) to create a file for use in browser, then reference it with a script tag. 
You will also need to add:

    <script src="/socket.io/socket.io.js"></script>
    //io defined by socket.io.js
    var pojo = require('pojosync');
    var Client = new pojo.Client(io);
    var flossy = { type: 'Sheep', name: 'Flossy', age: 3 };
    Client.put(flossy); 

 Saves `flossy` to the server and shares the object with other clients.


    var farms = Client.list({type: 'Farm'}, optional_callback); 


`farms` will initially be an empty array, but will fill with data once
the server has returned it.

    flossy.farm = {type:'Farm', name: 'Greenacres' };
    Client.put(flossy);

`farms` will then include the new object, and `flossy` will be updated on
all clients.

## API


#### Client.put 

Takes an object and shares it with the server (which
broadcasts it to other clients). The object can be new, or a locally
updated version of an already-shared object.

#### Client.list

Takes an object pattern and returns an array of any objects matching
that pattern. This array will be kept up to date as objects are
`.put`.


##Storage

Currently data is simply persisted on your server as a JSON file. This
is simple but has its limitations - all the data must be loaded into
memory at once. It should not be difficult to add persistence to other
backends, such as MongoDB.

